hi this is Bert Goldman and welcome to
the Quantum Jumping visualization
experience in the last video you learn
something about Quantum Jumping and the
way that it the way that it feels now I
want you to learn a little bit more
about that feeling and so we're going to
do we're going to take a visualization
exercise that I did in a recent seminar
you'll get to hear exactly what thirty
eight thousand other people have been
hearing over the past few months and
years I think you'll enjoy it so what
I'm going to ask you to do right now is
just find yourself a nice comfortable
place where you'll be undisturbed for Oh
15 maybe 20 minutes I guarantee that
after that time you will find yourself
relieved of any of the stressful things
that are bothering you even to the
slightest degree in your life stressful
things that you may not even know are
stressful because people after this
experience generally feel 20 pounds
lighter spiritually it's an experience
it's a meditation a guided visualization
and the trip into your first quantum
jump so do find that comfortable place
will be undisturbed and we'll begin
ready here we go alright we're going to
a quantum jump so just imagine just go
along with my words that's all they'll
take you to a place now eventually
you're going to have to go off on your
own because each individual will have a
different place to go to but it'll be
obvious you'll know but in the meantime
all I'm going to be doing is relaxing
you okay so at this point close your
eyes take a deep breath
and while exhaling mentally repeat and
visualize the number three three times
something like is three three three
take another deep breath and while
exhaling mentally repeat and visualize
the number two three times
take another deep breath and while
exhaling mentally repeat and visualize
the number one three times
you are now at a deeper healthier level
of mind to reach a deeper healthier
level of mind at any time just take an
occasional deep breath to help you to
enter a deeper healthier level of mind
imagine that you're in front of a black
velvet curtain you're very comfortable
alongside your chair is a box with ten
white plastic numbers in it when you
place one of these numbers up on the
black velvet curtain the number six
until you remove it you're going to take
these numbers one by one and put them on
the velvet curtain first you'll put the
number one on the curtain and you'll
remove it and replace it with the number
two and so on until you've put up and
taken down the entire ten numbers versa
number one take your time
begin
relax if you've not yet reached the
number 10 take away whatever number you
have on the curtain and replace it with
the number 10 you are now at a deeper
healthier level of mind you are now and
always in complete control of your state
of mind you can't open your eyes you can
be fully alert anytime you wish to be
every time you enter this relaxed state
know that you're getting better and
better in every way whenever you enter
this relaxed state you'll mentally say
every day in every way I'm getting
better and better when you say these
words sense yourself improving in all
areas of your life sense yourself
getting better and better visualize
improvements in your life as you
mentally repeat the words now every day
in every way I'm getting better better
visualize improvements in some area of
your life
relax relax your eyes relax your lips
relax your jaw relax your head and your
neck relax your chest your stomach your
back relax your body relax your arms
hands legs and feet you are now
completely relaxed repeat mentally every
day I improve my image of myself my
self-esteem
I am a unique human being there's no one
else on earth exactly like me every day
I grow stronger and the realization that
I can I can think I can create I can do
whenever you have a desire to relax and
take a break from the stress of the
outer world recall what you feel at this
moment recall how you feel at this
moment
how relaxed how at ease you are relaxed
repeat mentally my body rests and
refreshes itself when I consciously
relax
I'm relaxed now my body is resting my
body is refreshing itself and I feel
better and better relaxed
imagine now that a great light is
engulfing you suddenly you are
surrounded by a bright fog a brilliant
bright white fog imagine that this light
permeates everything you are surrounded
by this bright white light allow the
light to unfold you concentrate on the
light the bright white light
you're in the center of a vortex of
light a great fog of light it almost
feels as though you're floating in the
center of a cloud a bright white cloud
that is brightened still more by
sunlight relax
imagine that you're standing at the top
of a stairway there are 15 steps leading
to a small hallway at the end of the
hallway is a large door the door is
closed on the other side of that door is
a parallel universe a portion of an
infinite universe where there is a twin
self of yours a self that can help you
with those things that you have a desire
for relax you're now going to walk down
the stairs step at a time and slowly
imagine that you're on the top step step
down to the fourteenth step thirteen
twelve eleven
ten nine eight seven six five four three
two and now the bottom step one
now slowly walk to the end of the hall
facing the large door The Doors quite
large made of carved wood imagine it
created imagine it that it has a brass
doorknob the door opens outward on the
other side of that door are an infinity
of places of times of events and of twin
selves of yours on the other side of
that door are parallel universes
anything that can be imagined is on the
other side of that door on the other
side of that door are uncountable
numbers of universes like grains of sand
on all the beaches on earth like quanta
molecules like endless atoms blown up
into universes by incredibly powerful
forces and on the other side of that
door
our twin selves of yours who live out
their lives in their own dimensions on
their own planets Earth's just like our
own earth but with differences for now
just be aware that all that exists on
the other side of the door
in one of those infinity of universes
there is a past life of yours a life
that's having a negative effect on your
present life by going to that past life
and just seeing what is happening that
has an effect on your present life the
burden is lifted all you have to do is
to view the scene as though you were
there but invisible just imagine that
you are in a past life
in a parallel dimension a life that is
holding you back because of some
condition possibly karmic there are
those who say that if it's karma then
nothing you can do will stop it to which
I would say maybe it's your karma to
hear me now to overcome the problem and
who's to say it isn't so for now just
kind of go go with the flow and pretend
right now just pretend that when I count
from one to three as I'm going to do now
you'll get more and more relaxed one
just allow yourself to relax two
allow yourself to relax and listen to my
words three you are more relaxed now
you're in that whole way in front of the
quantum door and now before I count from
one to three and have the door open
think about a particular problem that
you have problem that you'd like to
overcome one two three you are now in a
small hallway in front of you is the
door the quantum door that opens to
infinity in a moment you'll be walking
through that door into a universe where
a past life of yours is now going on
there's no time in infinity is
everything that can be happening is
happening now anything that could be
imagined is happening right now the past
life is a life that is holding you back
in some way it's a life that had
instigated a problem for you it may be
something that happened in this life
during your formative years during the
first octave of your life when you go
through the door you'll see a scene with
you as the main actor the actor will be
your twin self your doppelganger
whatever your imagination brings up will
be the right thing
if it wasn't you wouldn't have imagined
it so just view the scene maybe a scene
from another country it may not anything
that you imagine will be what you are
supposed to be viewing any problems that
you are having at present have been
instigated at some time in your past
might have been in your childhood or
sometime in your youth it may have been
of recent origin it may have been
something seen as insignificant at the
time but whatever you sense allow it to
come whatever you see just kind of walk
through the scene as though you were an
invisible observer take your time and
now the door is opening but you will
sense what you will see is the source
foundation the fundamental
the original cause whatever your problem
might be now the door is opening the
doors open
at the count of three jump or step
through the door and you'll be at this
experience the past life experience in
another universe a life that you have
had in this
a pastime a time during that life that
is having a negative effect on your
present problem
imagine that no it created use your
daydreaming mechanism as you walk
through the scene 1 2 3 you went out
there relax take your time don't join in
the scene just observe begin
as an observer just note what's going on
that's all you have to do you don't have
to correct anything that will be
automatic
relax now then once again same scene but
this time at 10 times the speed go to
the scene again begin imagine the same
scene as though you were very quickly
and fast-forwarding it look at he split
right fine
relax I'm going to count from 1 2 3 and
you'll be back in this universe back in
the small hallway 1 2 3
you are now back in a small hallway the
quantum door is closing
quantum door it's closed
I will now count from 1 to 5 let's count
the 5 you'll be wide awake feeling
wonderfully refreshed feeling better
than before 1 2 coming out slowly
count to five your eyes will open you'll
be wide awake feeling wonderfully
refreshed feeling better than before
four five eyes open wide a wake so how
was the exercise how did it feel when
you went to an alternate universe
what are your alternate self look like
what did you sense you know it's all
kind of a like the daydreaming mechanism
did you daydream it that was fine no
matter what your experience was we'd
like to hear from you so do use the
comment box but if you'd like the full
Quantum Jumping experience take a peek
at Quantum Jumping calm / products and
you'll see the entire process laid out
very simply right before your very eyes
again I want to thank you for trying out
Quantum Jumping and taking your first
step into the alternate universe of the
Quantum Jumping experience Bert Goldman
thank you very much talk to you soon